Hey, Amanda, good morning.
Hi, Srikar, good morning.
Hi, Namita. Hi, Srikar. Good morning.
Hey, hi Vaishali, good evening.
Hey, Vaishali, good evening.
Hey everyone, good morning, good evening.
Hey, Colin, good morning.
Good morning, Colin.
All right, so we've sort of two. That's good. All right, we'll get started. So today I'm going to keep it a little bit shorter today, just because this will just be the sync up with Srinivas today. I just want to get our plan together, go through what we're going to be discussing on the call with him.
And then we can wrap up so that we can get prepared for that meeting and finish up anything else that is needed.
So I think first, Vaishali, I think your Cisco onboarding is not complete and you're just waiting for hardware. Is that right?
Yes, Colin.
Okay.
So whenever you get your hardware, did they give you a date to expect that?
Hello?
Yes, so did they give you a date to expect your hardware delivery for the Cisco machine? Or a date that you have to pick it up?
No, no, no, not good.
No, no, not yet.
Okay, all right. Well, I'll ping them to see what that's about. But don't worry, we'll get you more involved with that. Until then, just make sure you switch over to your Cisco WebEx account as well. You can get WebEx on your BayOne laptop. Just sign in with your Cisco account.
Yes, Colin.
And I think there's some onboarding that'll happen too. So if you aren't able to do that, don't worry. I think those instructions come with the laptop, at least they did for me. So I'll help you with that. We'll meet on that. But I just want you to stay on these so that you can get the contacts so you're not coming in cold.
So...
Just a recap from Srinivas on Monday, and then we can talk about what we're going to discuss with him on today. It's just a weekly sync. Monday's meeting was about 1/2 hour, so this is much better. We're not trying to do a giant deep dive like we were on Friday. Pretty tactical meeting.
He wants updates, he wants to know about blockers, and pretty much that's it.
So the three big areas that we're going to cover today, I think number one is there was something that he wanted to know for the, really wanted to know for the deep analysis of the issues that were from the NXOS chat. I think so Srikar will talk about that in a moment.
So I know that that is ready.
Another one I think, Saurav, you were working on was the skill for building WebEx bots and in general, how that's going to work for the AI portion of WebEx. So what options are available to us?
Yep.
Yes, yes.
And then I think for Namita on your side, it was, it's this log classification plus, you know, getting things in motion with the ADS machine, in talking to Mahavir, trying to get our access there. So he'll want to know if there's anything that he needs to do on that today as well.
Okay.
So, let's start out, Srikar, with you. So, for yourself, just quick recap on where you're headed at for what we'll talk to him about today. I know we looked at the HTML, but maybe...
We can talk about that now with the team just so they can understand what was going on. You're free to share if you want to share the one that's, you know, on your machine now. I know that might not be the most current one, but in case that helps you. But let's just talk through that, what you want to, you know, tell us any of us so we can go through it. And by it, before we do that, everyone, the reason why is I will not be able to be on today's call.
Yeah.
with Srinivas. That's why I want to get this kind of straight with everyone before we join, because I won't be able to be there. I got pulled into a VP meeting with Toyota, so I won't be able to join for today, which is why I want to make sure we're in good shape so that we can present well to him and make sure we give him a good update.
Okay, Colin, the the HTML is on my Cisco laptop, so I I won't be able to share it here. Yeah, if you can share, or like I can just go on overview, so we identify like top level categories and like sub-level categories.
So total we came across through like around 78 of them and then the top level categories are like 12 and then each category top level category will be subdivided into like some of the sections like it will so those are around like 66 of them and then the each.
Chats, like we have like pull on like different chat sections for each of them to visualize on timely and in terms of like resolution or like the like replies to the threads and whichever thread doesn't have reply and.
based on like time, category, and some of like monthly trends and over like heat map and some of those charts. And like the first one is about like how many how many messages or how many threads in a specific category are like.
resolved and unresolved, like you can filter out from above like unresolved or resolved this using that. And then in the next one, we have like a monthly period, like three months, six months, and nine months. Let's say like.
Yeah.
what happened like in last three months and what happened like in previous three months, like overall like a period of like six months total. So we can clearly see like how many issues were there in last three months and prior three months and we can see the comparison, clear comparison.
So in similar way, like we have like different representations here and if we want like any, we can go in detail on anything specific right now.
Yeah, so a couple of things here. So first, you know, definitely go through the diagrams. Don't just, you know, stay with that first one, because the first one is by far the least rich of the diagrams. You know, definitely make sure we flash all of them. You don't need to like spend a ton of time, you know, explaining each and every graph. He's going to get it, but simply
OK.
Okay.
Right.
You know, call them out at a high level, you know, what's on them, what they're representing.
Sure.
Mhm.
That's one. The next is to say how we got there, how we did this. And for that, we can cover the skill that got written for this. You know, and that effect got out, that should be on the CI/CD, you know, repository now with skills, because that skill already existed. And explained, you know, this was built as a...
Okay.
Skill side, OK.
dashboard for you. This has a database in the back end that is a simple SQLite database. And I would flash that database on the screen and say that this was built by the scope.
And there's different tables. So this is the first step to if we wanted to do this consistently, because that was something that he wanted to think about the last time too. So if you wanted this to be generated all the time or to be run as a process so that you have a live dashboard, that can certainly be something that we can do for him. That's a very important part.
not just we did these graphs, but you have to talk about the insights Srikar. So you have to talk about, you know, what we're gaining out of it, not just here's the last three months of data and no context beyond that. You have to explain them. You've been looking at the data for three days. So I'm expecting you to have that clarity with him on this call.
So, OK.
Okay, sure. Yeah, I'll go, I'll cover all these points in detail. So I was just going through the charts, but again, yeah, I'll cover skills and CI/CD, like dashboards, all these topics.
Yes.
I'm just taking a note now.
One question here, like Srikar and Colin. So we have around like 78 categories, correct? On what basis did we categorize these issues? Like, is there something broader like 2, three, 4 categories which we can name and...
Yes.
These are like subcategories because maybe he would want some kind of detail of how exactly we came up with these categories.
Yes, yes, good question. Good.
So this is based on the available chat and like, so the keywords are present in the messages. So most of them like are around, let's say like first category, like it's around like X flow, code net, CAT, job queues and scheduling. Like let's say you have.
Mhm.
X flow restart or X flow is stuck somewhere. So some people like say about those those kind of messages in the chat. So those are like grouped into one of the category. And then yeah, it got added to the like.
The main top category.
Okay, okay.
So, so that, sir, came from this skill. So the skill, that's why it's important to go into the skill because he's going to have that exact same question. You know, how do you come up with it?
Thanks.
And the skill groups them. So there are 78 total categories. Those are effectively the granular categories.
because the issues are all over the place, but the parent category, the highest level, are these 12.
Better here.
So for instance, like workflow with Xflow and what's this one? CodeNet cat, if there are builder image related, sanity execution failures, these are distinctly separable error categories that were found. These now, the thing is, of course, that these are coming from agentic exploration.
Um...
Yes.
So, you know, how do we come up with these? Basically, agent reviewed all the transcripts, gave these for human approval. Human took a look, decided if that made logical sense, and then allowed them to go forward.
Yep.
So.
Yeah, one more thing to like point out here. I hope like in your like WebEx system, it's not dot cloud folder for the skin.
With the speed.
Correct. Get ignored. Get ignored.
Yeah.
Local get ignored. But that is important as well. And so that's the way that this even came. And that's why I said, you know, we have to rebuild it for codecs because we have this skill. The skills are just marked on files. So the skills are there. There's no dot Claude set up at all, or there shouldn't be. So that is a very important thing to make sure for today that nothing says Claude.
The.
Yep.
and anywhere, anything that we share today. I'll put it this way, if you do that today, I don't have a way to help you. So just know that it has to, don't even say Claude in this meeting today. It's Codex and nothing more. Don't say BayOne laptop, don't say a different machine. I'll work on a Cisco laptop.
Mhm.
I'll work with Codex. If that doesn't happen, like I said, I have no way to help you after that point. Certainly best will ask for you to be gone.
No.
Yeah, I removed everything, like I just searched, like I do not find any codex word or anything.
Yeah, yeah, just, just a yes, yes, no, no worries. And I know, I know I sound severe, but I'm just trying to, you know, explain. I'm not saying anyone did that, but just to make that that clear, because otherwise it'll be an issue.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, sorry, God, God, yeah.
Yeah.
The database is also something you're going to want to show. So for the database, you know, this is using SQLite Viewer, which is a VS Code extension. This is important for him to see because this makes it real for him. You know, this makes him see and draw, connect the dots to say, yes, we can do this in production. No, this isn't just a language model reading.
chats. This is actually persistent. This is a system, a framework that can be run over and over again. That's how the skill is written in the 1st place.
Mhm.
And so everything is tracked here.
And the other thing that's important to cover is what solutions means and how we do that correlation for it. So just so everyone can see, get an idea, these are the graphics that Srikar was referring to when he first started talking. So we have a couple of different ways to represent the data. So all interactive, these are built with Apache e-charts.
Yeah.
And what's nice is that for many of them, they have a way to, for instance, if I click on this, you'll actually see.
the comments. This is very important in the demo to show.
Yes.
to show that whenever you click on this, it's actually pulling up the specific messages from the team. And it's also important to say this is entirely self-contained in the HTML.
Mhm.
Um...
Yep.
So the thing is here that what's important is that we have all these graphics. They each show a different slice and dice of the data.
Mhm.
But.
So he's going to want to know because we're effectively asking him, you know, what do you prefer? You know, you asked for effectively this.
this 7A chart right here. We gave you infinitely more than that.
Mhm.
Okay.
So, you know, for us, like, why don't you tell me what is the most useful, you know, to you? What, you know, really is important to you that you'll gain some value from the dashboard?
So, that's important to cover, but you know, if he just sees this, he's going to think one thing, but if he sees this plus the database plus knows that there's a skill behind it that can be used ongoing, and then our offer is, you know, we're thinking ahead for you if you would like this to be an ongoing database and ongoing, you know, application for your release leads.
The.
say the word and we'll start, you know, persisting that, whether that gets deployed on as a normal application or whether that's something that makes sense for deep site, whatever it might be, doesn't matter. It's just that we can build a system for this. That's the takeaway you should walk away with today is we have done the analysis, but also if you want to make this a recurrent thing.
that's a live dashboard for you, you're able to do that.
Yep.
And like it might be a good idea to ask like the singularity skill to take out a screenshot of this particular skill and create some kind of graph or just MD file of showing how exactly it is structured and what kind of workflow we are running in this skill.
Right, right.
Definitely. And the good thing is that this skill was built on our side. So the markdown files were shared across via WebEx, which is fine, because there's nothing in there that is related in any way to anything. The skill file itself, this output folder, is the result of running the skill. The actual skill.md file.
And.
is just a reference stock.
Yep.
So it doesn't contain anything. It just needs to be updated because it says clogged in places, of course. But overall, the skill is now on.
at least Cisco WebEx, so it could be run with Singularity. So what you could do is you could run, and everyone remember the rule that we talked about in the beginning, which is it's okay to send from BayOne to Cisco. The other direction is not okay. So in this case, if you're on your BayOne machine and you are logged into your Cisco,
account that is roll number one on WebEx, roll number two, you can send the markdown file or the HTML file from Singularity to yourself with no issue.
Just do not try to email it to yourself from your BayOne email. Do not try to send it on Teams. Do not try to do anything like that. WebEx to WebEx is fine using a Cisco.com account on both sides.
So all that's there. Skill is nice. He's going to want to see and understand this. So I do think a graphic is nice. It wouldn't be good to say we go to skill and then just scroll this. So graphic is a good idea.
He.
but also to know, like, there are formal documents that have been created. I want him to, you know, kind of, you know, walk away from this, you know, saying, okay, these guys know what they're doing. There's A SQLite schema reference already. So if we did need to persist it in a database, we already have something we can hand off. If we're not able to do that database ourselves, we can always hand off to.
whatever their DB team is and it literally gives them.
everything that you could ever want from a database admin perspective.
Yep.
Now for graphics, one important call out is this is using Apache eCharts, which is open source, self-contained. Why not Mermaid? Well, Mermaid's just too basic, comparatively speaking.
Yep, yep.
So, I mean, I think I do still have one of the mermaid files, if I'm remembering that correctly, just so you can see how bad it is. But mermaid ends up being this really ugly, I think I don't even have it anymore. Yeah. Mermaid ends up being, you know, way too.
Yeah.
Simple for something that's much more complex.
Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah.
So NXOS, so just, you know, make sure this transcript, you know, is recorded so it's available to everyone. So if you forget anything I say and you need to prep, remember you can go on Talent AI, the left-hand side for, I would click on the calendar first, then click on meeting transcripts, and you can always
go and download the transcript from this meeting, which should be available within 15 minutes after it finishes. So if you are missing anything or forget or, you know, haven't written something down, reference back to that transcript and that'll help you get prepped for Srinivas.
OK.
So, good on the issue categorizer.
Colin, one question. So I shared one document last night. So did you get a chance to look at it? I just like rearranged a few of the charts and.
I added like one summary line on the top and...
Let me see this. Now, is that where did you share that on?
Yeah.
No, on Webex.
Okay, then which of our chats is it? Oh, I see, I see. Let me download this and open.
Let's take a look, and then after this, we'll go to Namita next.
Yeah, this is good.
This is good. So the first one's clear. That's a nice visual. I think just be prepared to explain what unresolved or unclear means.
Okay.
That is a good thing to call out because unresolved means that it's still open. Unclear means and there was no response, right? That's the big thing that unresolved means. Unclear or ambiguous means that there was a response, but that response itself was not indicative directly of a solution.
Right.
So for instance, I say, help, my PR is stuck and I don't get a response, that's unresolved. If I say, help, my PR is stuck and Devakar responds back, I'll look into it and then no further messages.
That is ambiguous because you have no idea if it was resolved or not.
But this is good.
Mm.
Just.
And is like the download button working on this for export?
Yeah.
Yeah, that is OK.
No.
Becharts is great.
We can also show that also, like, yeah, yes, I've tried with like Mermaid and yeah.
And...
Each art has like, what do you call it, a kind of animation style to it, which like is very difficult in mermaid. So I would not say like my mermaid charts were the most beautiful thing out there, but yeah, they were great, but nothing of these sorts like.
Yeah.
Yeah, these are these are next level. I mean, these make map plotlib run for its money.
Hey.
And the second one, yeah, this one is which, yeah, we can see like difference in like how, how, like, how, what is the frequency in like last two months, the 12 months, and in the next 12 months.
And yeah, same in like three and six months, yeah.
So.
So I think I think that what has to be on this one, what I would do is I would I see delta down here at the bottom right, but it's very small. I would either stick a title on this or something like a key so that it's clear how to read it. Because like this makes sense to me where it says recent three months 68.
Okay.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah.
prior three months 50, delta plus 18. But you might want to stack it so that the last period is showing 2, because otherwise it says plus 18, well plus 18 relative to 1. So if it's a delta,
maybe it should show, you know, like, since plus 18, like previous, and then plus 18, space, parentheses, previous, 50 issues, current 68 issues in the three months.
Something like that.
Okay, okay.
Overall issue mix, this is good. This is effectively what he asked for on Monday. We're giving it to him, so that's great.
The recent trend also good, and just know, like, if this chart ever looks like this, it's just because this is zoomed in, and that will save with the state, like, for instance, like this was like you saw how, like, whenever I refresh this page, how this remains.
You know, zoomed into this chunk.
So, just keep an eye on that whenever you're presenting, and...
Yeah, no, I wanted to really kept it to like six months, last six months, but yeah, I'll show it so that I'll I want to show him like the all the trend, yeah, across the available data.
Yes. Well, it's very good to show this flexibility. I mean, put it this way, he's never going to have seen something like this. You know, so it's really good on his end to see this. That, you know, if you want to see the last six weeks, that's great. And then if he says, well, what about everything else? Just go like this, you know.
Right.
So that level of interactivity is really nice. You know, and even some of these features up here, don't be afraid to explore them.
Like for instance, on this one, this is the box to zoom icon.
The refresh icon just scales everything out to its old state. Undo zoom works if you're doing like a box to zoom type thing.
So there's a lot of good interaction here, so don't glaze over that because that's good for him to see. Very nice on this. Very nice on this.
Um...
Yeah.
The only comment I would have here is that there's something wrong with the legend.
The.
Because like this 2025 10 you can see workflow X flow says 58 issues.
Okay.
Mhm.
And then other says 14, other supposed to be red.
and yet others the highest.
Yeah, others is right, yeah.
Yeah.
But it is relatively to the other ones like it. If you see the top one is the issues.
Right. So what that means then is you should put them in reverse order. They should go from order. So I understand what you're saying. So essentially the delta between the top of this and this is one thing. So like for instance, this gray plot is correctly at 58 because that's for workflow xflow. And then this one is just showing that it's at 14.
Okay.
Because the baseline is relative to this.
So what they need to have is the same baseline. That's what's missing here. They should be scaled so that it's, they're all relative to 0, not relative to the last series on the chart.
Hmm.
Okay.
And if that's not possible with this chart, I'd either hold off on it for now, or I would make it so that the smallest one with the least issues is at the bottom. So for instance, like private test bed, UT, IT, is at the bottom, because that way at least the scaling looks right. Right now, though, he would see this and he would say, you know, your legends are all messed up.
So I get it though, you know, I see what's going on here with this. It's just relative to whatever the baseline of the previous series on the chart is.
Yeah.
So just make them relative to 0, and then you've got a good graphic here. This will be really useful to see the trend over time.
Abin.
And you can also see the effect of using the last series as a reference. You're actually carrying through artifacts from the others. This pattern is not true for every issue. This looks like there's a direct correlation between every single issue because they all have the same peaks, they all have the same troughs. That's not true.
That's just because the very first one in the series is workflow, so it dominates everything else.
Mhm.
So the last thing here.
This one's good. Categories over time, super useful. Just so he can see, you know, the one with the most persistent issues is easily workflow, Xflow code net cat.
Oh.
For the rest of these, this is good to see. You can always click on it. And again, don't forget to do that. Click on it if you would like to read the specific messages.
Sure, yeah.
And you can even call it the date for the messages, the category that they were in. Over here on the right-hand side is the status.
Right.
Then there's this hyperlink to the details table where you can see everything. And this gets filtered if you click on something, so you can always hit clear to see absolutely everything.
This is a nice one. This is probably the nicest version of specifically what he was asking for.
My thing for this would be don't let him, you know, like talk over this and so you don't finish getting to show him everything. He's not going to want to spend 10 minutes on every graph, but even if he's talking and it sounds like he's being dismissive for some reason, make sure you just keep scrolling.
You.
Yeah, I'll just like try to scroll all the way down and show him like these are like a bunch of charts like we created and then I'll go to the top and like start from like like giving one or two lines and like what are the key details you can observe from this chart.
Yeah, alright. What are the interactions available here on the dashboard? Let's see.
Right.
Yeah.
And what I would really do is pick a couple of these that you really want to focus on. For instance, for me, that would be if it was me and I was Srinivas, I would want to see this categories over time for sure.
Sure.
I would want to see this, what fixes repeat for sure, because these are for solution patterns. This is a very clear thing, because we didn't just look at the issues, we also looked at their solutions.
I would call out this one for the hierarchy tree, because this is something that he's going to be specifically interested in. He's going to look at this and he's going to think to himself, knowledge graph, because they don't seem like they know what a knowledge graph is, even though that's not this. But this is important to show. This is the real answer. So if he asks, like, how did you come up with these 78?
I would immediately flash this on the screen.
Yeah.
because this makes it extremely clear how you got to 78.
The.
Right.
For this, I would show this one, but I would show it as...
Kind of like knowledge graphs and...
Yeah, and this is just to say that and say, you know, look, the level of interactions and things could be done much better once we have integration with the code base and everything else.
I would skim this one. If you can talk about it and explain it well, great. Otherwise, I would just keep it and just, you know, leave it, leave it be.
Mhm.
Calendar heat map is good because this is something that the release leads would want to see on a tactical level. For instance, here, remember we said yesterday, you can clearly see that something really bad happened in this week in October.
And if we show him that, you know, he's going to understand. He's going to, he would have lived through that. You know, this single day on the calendar where there are 58 different issues with.
X Flip.
So if we're able to see that, that's the kind of insights that people love whenever you're doing these types of charts, because you're telling them things that they already know, which is fine, but it shows that you are actually able to understand it just through analysis alone.
So of course, he's going to remember if there was a really bad week in October where Xflow was just failing, or maybe they had a bot on, maybe whatever it was. If you want to know what was going on, well, now you can just click on that. And you can see that PR is stuck in CodeNet. Every single one of these is a PR is stuck.
So it tells a story.
I would remove this one, this multiple tree split view, because that one, it's not even rendering, right?
Yep.
This one also.
So 13, 14, 15 need to go.
Yeah.
No, I can do all that, all those three, 30, 14, 15.
Because those were from the prototype, but weren't meant to make it through to the final.
Okay.
The bar race is important to just hit play and just talk over, because this takes about 15 seconds to run.
So with that in mind, you should be able to just hit play and then say, you know, this will tell you the story of how the code base is evolving over time, combined with how the issues are getting reported over time. And you know, you'll say, you know, just keep an eye out for Xflow, CodeNet, and cat problems, because this is actually, you know, for people to see in a presentation, more powerful than.
anything we can show like this.
Mhm.
Because this tells you the story.
You can see clearly the moment that they implemented this workflow, Xflow, CodeNet cat thing, issues just skyrocketed. And it now dominates by a factor of four.
Almost 4.
17 I would remove also because it's not rendering right. If these are cut off like this, I would just remove.
If they're not able to show the text in a, you know, reasonably readable way. I mean, I'll give a rule that one of my very mean university professors told me. He said to me, he was like, Colin, if I can't understand a chart's purpose and have a takeaway within the first 5 seconds of looking at it, it's a bad chart.
Okay.
So now this one, don't take that personal because I know I did this one myself as a prototype, but that's why it wasn't included in my full document.
Mm.
OK, yeah, I'll remove that.
So, just...
Just think of that. If you're someone with reasonable knowledge on the subject and you can't get, you know, what this is trying to say in the first 5 seconds, it's a bad shard.
And then the very bottom is where you can go if you want to see the details for everything. But you don't need to go super crazy there about it.
Like we have all of the, you know, raw messages anyways in the database. So this is not the right place to try to view everything. That would be much better to pull up simply the database itself.
because there's a table in there called raw messages, which has all those 4,000 something things.
Inside.
Mm.
And sometimes this is good to show, like if he asks what ambiguous means, here's a great one. Look at this row 4131.
He's checking.
Right.
That's a perfect example if you ask like what ambiguous means.
Checking on this.
You know, your manager can approval it.
Did their manager approve it? You have no way of knowing.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So the thing here is that in this one, the person literally didn't even send a message, just a screenshot, which is fine. But the point of bringing these things up is to show that we really went through the data. The cool thing is I didn't, it's not like I had this meeting pre-planned with you, with all of you. So I'm just opening up the database and scrolling through and reading.
Mhm.
and nitpicking on stuff.
And so you can do the same too. I mean, as long as you are able to scan through these and pick things out.
it'll be able to get done. Now, for instance, like, got it. I can clearly see is not going to be a solution.
or the change actually belonged to Pope. I have no idea what that could possibly mean in the context of a fix to the answer of a query. You just have to know that not all of these are answers. Some of these are questions. These are just the raw messages.
Yeah.
And then four solutions. I think this one was saying that there were 243 unique solutions.
The King.
And I think that is shown on this graphic as well on.
this table view on #7 what fixes repeat.
These are the solutions as they broke down.
In order, so all the rest of them have maybe like one or two unique things, and the final thing that I'll say, and then we get we should go on to Namita next. The final thing I'll say here is...
Whenever we're talking about the count of the patterns and things like that, the point that you have to really drill in today is that only 44% receive a response.
Right, yeah.
So that is a very important stat to say. That means that 44% even get an answer for there to be a resolution. So even though they think that they have, you know, years and years of data and this is so rich, it is not.
Active.
Okay.
Some categories could be given to AI as examples in order to build like something for auto resolution. Other things need to be addressed by the team because they're just not responding.
And so if they are, I'll put it this way, if they are, you know, and if he says yes, they are, well, if they're not responding in the chat, then that chat is useless. I mean, 44% is not great. So there needs to be more of a sample size to pull from if you want to do auto triage based on historical reference.
Yeah.
So if people are, for instance, like they see a message in that chat and then they reach out privately on a personal channel to someone, that doesn't help anyone.
because that is separate from the NXOS chat. And therefore, you know, no answer can be known unless we're able to correlate an error with a fix that was applied to GitHub. And even for that, some of these are not going to be in GitHub. They're going to be rerunning a build or something like that.
Okay.
So let's go next. So Namita, on your side. So 2 big things. Number one is going to be, you know, did we get to talk to Mahavir to, you know, understand what access is needed for the ADS machine? And the second will be, you know, talking to Justin, you know, anything new that's come from him. I'm sure he'll be on this call too. But talking to Justin, understanding with him what the next steps are for.
classification and what we've been doing this week.
Yes, Colin. So yesterday we met Justin and Justin showed us like given a build. If you want to understand which commits were part of the build, he told us a location where we can find it. So being given a build now we know which commits are under it, but now we need to.
to find a strategy to really understand which commit fault created a problem. So that's not yet, we don't have solution to it. We need to dig more into it and do some manual checkups right now with the build and the build logs.
And also regarding the Srinivas's meeting on Friday, I believe like what Srinivas is mentioning is like he's more interested in knowing the fallback strategy if some problem occurs because of a commit or a PR, right? So based on that, I feel that what, and he also mentioned that he wants to know.
What we are going to solve?
So, as per him, the problem is when a build fails, it might be that the failure might occur.
Due to any any PR or any particular commit in that build, right? And also, once we find out the culprit, let's say we find out the culprit PR, the culprit commit. Now we need to also find out the dependency of that commit or PR in the entire.
Mm.
build cycle and it cannot be the current build, it can be the previous builds and so on. So to do this, I was thinking the first main problem we need to tackle here is we need to detect the failure in any build or sanity. So we need to watch the pipelines.
then we need to detect the culprit PR and commit.
And once we detect the PR and the comment that caused the issue, we also need to detect the dependency PR to this culprit PR, right?
Because now dependency PR is also important. We just cannot roll back the culprit PR. We need to roll back its dependency PRs as well. Now let's say we got the dependency PR. Now we need to know the rollback or the backout strategy. How are we going to roll back the commits which were causing problems?
Yeah.
And yet, at the end, we are going to notify the users and have a human gate in place.
So, this is what I understood what he was trying to say from that call, and also he is very much interested in three types of graph, which is call graph, knowledge graph, and context graph. So, in call graph, basically call graph will help us to answer which code depends on what, and for knowledge graph.
It will help us to answer, like, what was what has happened historically in the past?
And context graph finally will let us know what is happening right now. So maybe I'm just looking at how we can put these three kind of graphs in this above scenario, which I just told about the culprit, finding the culprit PR, and having a rollback strategy in place.
Yeah.
Yes, so I think pretty good. A few things that I would call out on it. Number one would be overall, it's good. It is what he explained on Friday for the most part here, so that's good. But he's going to want to know, you know, not just what to do, because he already said that on Friday, but how we're going to actually do that.
Mhm.
and what we're going to use to do that. And I think for that, there might be something existing from Justin for the dependency graph. We're going to want to explore that and understand that, and we can say that we're working with Justin on it. I think he finds some comfort in Justin, so that's probably a good place to go to say we'll understand the existing structure, and that'll be a part of how we do this already.
Yeah.
So we'll either leverage that or, you know, extend from it so that we can get the full dependency graph for Gits, PRs, commits, things like that.
Correct.
With PRs and commits, absolutely true. And it depends because things could be completely intertangled between people.
True.
So that's a big thing to say, you know, maybe the question for him today is, you know, do we want to define an extent to which you can go back before it depends on a human? Because sometimes those things get super intertangled, and it would be important to know, you know, what's the extent to which
you would want to untangle it. So like let's say that you have a build failure and now you have to undo the last 50 PRs.
Mhm.
You know, like, who's to say? Like, what if something didn't fail now, but failed back then? You know, like, how do you want to handle that if it's not caught immediately? And, you know, really for us, I'm saying this is a loaded question because I already know the answer to it. The answer is you just need to check more frequently and more thoroughly. There's no other way to do it. Otherwise, you're going to end up doing months of rework.
If your system gets better over time, it's actually a bad thing here. Because if you detect something that was present three months ago that just surfaced now because it was a runtime error that wasn't covered by a unit test, well, what are you going to do? Are you going to rebuild the last, you know, million lines of code just because of 1 failure? So.
You know, stating that as a consideration and constraint is important. To be very thorough with this and, you know, assessing the health of those checks is just as important as knowing that dependency graph. Otherwise, you're really going to suffer from transients. Now, you can complement this with what Srikar had said.
Mhm.
Two, but that's why I'd actually go in that order, so he goes first and then you go after.
it would complement each other because he's going to say, here are the issues and you can give yours next. And you can say, you know, most of these are related to X&Y&Z. So for instance, if Srikar's findings come back that overwhelming majority of the issues are workflow related with code net and cat, well, GitHub is not going to help you.
because those are beyond GitHub.
The second level first record that he had found was, you know, sanity execution failures is the next biggest. Those ones can be addressed via GitHub.
But for ones that are, let's say, people like Devak are needing to rerun A Basel script.
Those ones will not be able to be attributed to GitHub issues unless he's logging them in GitHub because they're literally just him running something in his terminal.
So that's why it's good to go in that order, so that he knows that, yep, you can solve that issue of traceability for these errors, but if your biggest error class has nothing to do with code and everything to do with process, you're going to have to figure out which one you want to address first.
Mhm.
Okay.
So...
And like, do we want to point out the sheer cost of tokens it would take to create these three graphs?
Let me get to that in a moment here. So I think dependency graph is good. Dependency graph can be done deterministically. That's one that we can, and probably already they're running a script for to generate. That one, because it's GitHub, you can always do that. I think there's already something, to be honest with you, built into GitHub that does exactly this.
Yeah.
Did you?
Yeah, yesterday Colin, I asked Justin regarding the dependency graph, PR dependency graph. Then he said, no, they don't have anything.
App.
Right now.
Okay, so that's something that I would flag to in the meeting. Just make sure you have the verbiage, you know, very clear with that, because someone's going to get defensive. And it's okay if they do. It's okay. But just say, you know, talking to Justin, you know, we thought this was done, that is not yet done, like Devakar had said.
Ohh.
And Devakar, I believe, I think he's Justin's boss, if I'm not mistaken.
Mmh.
Yes.
Yeah, so if a says that, but it's not there, then you know that tells you pretty much all that you'll need to know.
Yes, correct.
Oh, then shall I talk with them first then, Devakar and Justin, instead of seeing this on the call?
Ohh, that's.
I...
I would just say it on the call exactly like you said it here, like per Justin, talk to him and it doesn't look like, don't say it like it wasn't done as it was stated to be done, but just phrase it lightly, say that it doesn't seem like that work has been completed so far from talking with Justin, that's remaining work that we'd have to build to build that.
Yeah.
dependency graph unless there's some clarification.
That we might be.
Okay.
On knowledge graph, I think we had a question to Justin, so he showed us one of the one of the scripts, but in that, like we only see like which file is connected to what, but there's no detail of like what are the proper or fact ways to like.
connection between like each different files or nodes. So he just showed like there is a link between these two files. There is a, yeah, yeah. So he only showed like whenever he had run the script that he created that connection graph or it looks like a call graph itself.
Correct.
But he mentioned that this is a knowledge graph he had.
So here's where we'll have to be careful because we are all using knowledge graph completely wrong right now. Them included, but us included too. That's not a knowledge graph. That is not a knowledge graph. And you'll know if it's a knowledge graph, number one, based on just the libraries themselves in that script. If you see Neo4j.
Right.
you've got a knowledge graph.
Mmh.
If you see, you know, any of these, you know, like small, you know, large world, small neighborhood things like HNSW, hierarchical, navigable, small world things, that's a knowledge graph. Anything else is a concept map at best. That is not a knowledge graph by the proper AI definition.
So a knowledge graph is not necessarily a visual that shows how knowledge is displayed. A knowledge graph is specifically something that has statefulness, nodes, edges, meaningful connections, semantic relationships between those. So just building a call graph is not in any way, shape, or form a knowledge graph. And that has to be clear on this call.
or else we're talking about things completely wrong.
Mm.
Yes.
And it's expensive, right?
Correct.
Yes.
Super expensive.
I think they have it, is it like they don't have like reasoning for each like connection, but I just have like connection from one file to other file, just the connection part, right, Namita?
Yeah, true.
Yeah.
Right, right. And anyone, the biggest thing to know is that if you hear knowledge graph, the number one thing to think in your mind is cha-ching. That is expensive computationally and everything else. Knowledge graphs for that reason are very rare to be updated frequently unless there's a good reason to do it.
For instance, if you've ever heard of the company Palantir, that's how their entire system works. It's a giant knowledge graph. Very, very powerful, extremely expensive to run. That's why it's only...
only some things that you can do.
you know, in order to update it. So you can't, you have to re-index the whole knowledge graph anytime new knowledge comes in. Just picture it almost like a vector database. You know, effectively at a ground level, it's very similar to how that works. So if you're not using AI, knowledge graph is completely...
Yup.
Off the terminology table, and that's something I would, you know, you know, drill into on this on the call and say, like, look, like, and don't say, like, you know, you know, I'm correcting your terminology here, but just say we have to be on the same page when we're talking knowledge graph. It is not a knowledge graph if it's not a knowledge graph. I mean, if it helps them to use that terminology, we can agree on that.
But they need to know first and foremost that what they are referring to is not a knowledge graph. That is a script that generates a file that is intelligible by human eyes, not a knowledge graph.
Yep, it goes like exponential in cost as we add like more repos or more document into it. So one, two, three repos, it's fine. If they want to add next three repos, it's almost 2x cost. Next 3, 2x of the next. So it's exponential growth in that.
Up.
Mmh.
time terms in terms of cost. So the bigger knowledge graph they want to build, the more money they should work out like, yeah.
Yeah, and to the point where it doesn't make logical, rational sense for what they're doing.
Yeah.
Yep.
Now, one last thing to call out here is that GitHub does have some built-in things.
Mhm.
For exactly this, and I'm going to...
paste this into our chat. So you're going to want to look at this. And again, I just recommend, you know, feeding it into Codex or something before the call, because there is already something that does exactly this with no work. This is actually a complete duplication on Justin's side that just came from not doing proper background research. And if there's anything I can guide you all to do,
Mhm.
Yep.
Do your background research before this. Do not go into it with the idea that, you know, there's two things to be very careful about there. Number one, use AI tools to help you do the research.
Explicitly ignore anything that is not from.
the fountain of truth, which means, like for instance, if you were to type in, even for myself and Claude, I just type this in and it tried to give me an extension that came from this random guy on GitHub.
Okay, that is not good. If it comes from GitHub itself, great. If it doesn't, leave it out. If it comes from Microsoft, great. If not, and it's coming from some random dude that, you know, had a free weekend on GitHub, leave it out. Because he'll flag that as, you know, that's not production grade, you know, X, Y, and Z, what's the licensing, all this stuff. So.
Just look into what I shared in that chat. You can even try it, you know, on this end too. So this is a good thing to note because there's already built into GitHub because that's how GitHub itself works under the hood, that you can have connections between PRs.
Mm-hmm.
You know, uh...
PRs, commits, you know, libraries, you know, anything like that, even users. All of this already exists in GitHub. And I think there's some easy visualizers for it too. That's why I'm like, you know, it's not.
I.
exactly what he's thinking it is. Like, I'll just, like, they are definitely, you know, reproducing things that have already existed for a very long time in GitHub.
Ohh, OK.
Yeah.
All right.
So, though, this will give us the dependency graph you're seeing, right? Whatever you send me right now.
It's like, yeah.
That's right. Now, it doesn't give you a visual for it. It gives you that as a JSON object.
Jason.
And you want to be careful as well, because you do not want to, you know, do that on some giant, you know, GitHub repo first. Do it on something smaller first, even if you have to set one up for a test so that you can understand it. If you try to do that and you do it unrestricted for all time on a massive repository.
Mhm.
That's a bad thing. It's going to run for hours and hours and hours and give you a JSON file that's, you know, 400,000 lines long.
Okay.
Sure.
to do that, you know, even if you put it into Codex and say, you know, hey, I want to try this. I want to do it for this time increment just to see how it works. You know, do it for the last three weeks of the repo.
And then it says, yes, I can or no, I can't do that. Just work with it. So don't try to read this talks yourself. It's too much, especially in this short time. But in general, especially for things like GitHub, if there's a problem that seems like it's a problem that's for a lot of people, there's probably an existing building solution for it.
Mmh.
Sure.
The.
Mhm.
So do we want to give this suggestion to Srinivas today and not talk about it until we research completely regarding this dependency graph?
Bhatt.
depends upon how fast we do that research and how comfortable we are talking about it today. So if you're able to get to it, you can look into it.
Okay.
before the call and at least mention it. Like there's some built-in GitHub features for GitHub Enterprise that might already exist to do this. And don't say it dismissively, just say it like, we'll investigate these and if they're suitable, then we'll leverage. If not, we'll continue on the path. But this is already something that exists.
But just make sure you can speak on it. And you don't need to say, you know, you know, you're an expert on it, you know everything, but just enough that he gets that there's something there and that we're looking into this like that.
Mhm.
Okay.
All right, and then the last thing, then I'll have to jump so I can get ready for my side as well, is on the ADS machine.
So, for that, have we talked to Mahavir about this?
No, no, Colin. I am not talking with him regarding this.
Okay, so what we'll say on the call, because if he brings that up, we shouldn't bring that up, but if he does bring that up, what we should say is, you know, we've reached out to him and we're going to talk to him later on today.
And then our responsibility is to do exactly that. So, you know, reach out to him later on today and talk to him, because otherwise that would mean that we knew on Friday to do this, and now it's Wednesday and we still haven't.
I mean, yeah, Colin, like regarding that, previously I had raised a request for tenant ID, right? So I raised a request, I had shared a screenshot with Mahavir, and I told him, can you please approve this? Then on top of that, he has not replied. But whatever happened in like last two days, that's why I'm not following up.
That wouldn't be right, I failed to go and ask him for access.
Yes.
Understood, understood. So what we can say then is we'll do a modified version of what I said. So you can say that right now there's still messages that are pending his response on ADS machine provisioning. And just say we have followed up and we will be following up again later today.
Yeah.
to check in.
So we can leave it there and then we're in good shape. We just need to show that we're doing what we need to, but completely understand that's a good decision.
Ohh.
Mhm.
Okay.
All right. On my side, everyone, any questions for me? And one thing that I'll ask is that if you are able to ask him if we can record the meeting, please do that.
That'll be good, because usually I'm able to do that, but I know for today, if I won't be there, someone else would have to. So just say, is it okay if we record today so we can capture everything and refer back to it if we need?
Sure.
Yep.
All right, well, good luck. Yeah.
And, like, one more thing, Colin, before we move, like, from what I remember on Friday till now, we have not discussed anything about, like, the text, and the way current call is structured, I think most of the time should be taken by, like, Srikar and Namita, everything went along fine.
Shukla.
So should we like poke on that topic or should we leave that for Friday?
Um, are you so are you talking about the the skill for WebEx?
Not only the scale, like the whole architecture, like three, four layer architecture, which we have planned, correct, connector layer, connector layer, as well as the DB layer, MCP layer, and then the agent take app. So, yeah, that whole thing, yeah.
Got it. Got it, got it. So what happened there for Friday? This is the part that you probably had missed on, so I'll fill you in on this. Basically, he said we were too early with it because we didn't have a complete picture of everything yet. So we're kind of off the hook for it for now.
Mhm.
Okay.
I think whenever we do this to everyone, so don't feel bad if he says that. That's not reflective of us. I think he's realizing how much he doesn't fully grasp everything, kind of live on the calls.
Yeah.
So on Friday, he kind of pivoted and said, you know, work with Justin, gain a deeper understanding of the system, what's available, what already exists, you know, how it's working. Justin's the expert, go to him for everything. You know, that's kind of been his take on all of this. So I think we're...
Okay.
We're kind of off the hook. I think on Friday, we'll update our understanding and present that. But for today, I don't think we need to. I think he would actually be, you know, he would argue against that for today itself.
Yep, yep, sure. Makes sense.
Yeah.
All good.
Yes.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Well, good luck. You know, and for me, I'll send him a message about me having to miss for today. You guys got it, and I believe in you. So good luck. You'll do great. And then we'll sync up together after that. But, you know, just go in, be prepared. That's the best thing you can do.
And if you need to meet before that together to have some plan, please do. Otherwise, I think the order for the meeting is already good. You know, go in kind of that order, you know, Srikar and Namita Saurav for that. And Saurav, for your end, I'll be very brief. You know, touch on the skill and you can touch on, you know, what's there for WebEx.
At.
Bots.
Yep, yep, yep, developers, yeah.
And.
Okay.
All right, everyone. Well, let me run. Good luck. And yeah, we'll sync up in a little bit.
Sure.
Sure, Colin. Yeah, thank you.
Thank you, everyone. Thanks.
Yeah, Shukla.
Take care.
Thanks, bye.
Take care. Bye.
Thank you. Bye.